Update troubleshoot-conditional-access.md (#1202)
MicrosoftDocs/SupportArticles-docs: support/mem/intune/device-protection/troubleshoot-conditional-access.md

  3. Select the *Enable Browser Access* button.
  4. In the Chrome browser, sign out of Microsoft 365 and restart Chrome.

Desktop applications must use modern authentication mechanisms, which rely on users interacting with the identity provider using a web browser. Legacy authentication mechanisms such as apps [sending the password directly](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth-ropc) are not supported.

> - 

Reviewer: Do you think we need add clarity on which platform it is supported and where it is not, and in which configuration:

1. Desktop applications - must user mordern authentication.
2. Script/automation - can user MSAL.NET with Broker on Win10+.

> - Desktop applications must use modern authentication mechanisms, which rely on users interacting with the Identity Provider using a browser. Legacy authentication mechanisms such as apps sending the [password]([url](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth-ropc)) on their own are not supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Desktop applications must use modern authentication mechanisms, which rely on users interacting with the identity provider using a web browser. Legacy authentication mechanisms such as apps [sending the password directly](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth-ropc) are not supported.
```

> - Desktop applications must use modern authentication mechanisms, which rely on users interacting with the identity provider using a web browser or an authentication broker. Scripts and automation which rely on [sending the password directly](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth-ropc) can prove device identity only on Windows 10 / Windows Server 2019 and higher, if using the authentication broker.

Reviewer 3: @localden, some changes are applied. Thanks.
